Avoid __dict__ and __weakref__ attributes in AnyUrl and _BaseAddress subclasses (#2890)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: changes/2890-nuno-andre.md

> Avoid __dict__ and __weakref__ attributes in AnyUrl and _BaseAddress subclasses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid `__dict__` and `__weakref__` attributes in `AnyUrl` and IP address fields.
```
